[docs] update contributing guide (#10641)
dagster-io/dagster: docs/content/community/contributing.mdx

```bash
cd docs
next-watch-build   # Serves the docs website on http://localhost:3001
```

Troubleshooting tip: You may need to run `make next-dev-install` first to install dependencies. Also make sure that your Node version is >=12.13.0.

The API documentation is generated from ReStructured Text files (`.rst`), which extracts Python docstrings from the library files. The `.rst` files can be found in the `docs/sphinx/sections/api/apidocs` directory.

If you change any `.rst` files, be sure to run the following command in the `docs` directory:

```bash
make apidoc-build
```

> The majority of our code snippets are pulled from real python files. This allows us to test our code snippets and ensure they remain up-to-date. In `.mdx` files you'll see a code snippet with `python file=/path/to/file.py startafter=start_marker endbefore=end_marker` at the beginning of the block. You can find the corresponding python file at `dagster/examples/docs_snippets/docs/snippets/path/to/file.py`. The code included in each snippet is the code in the file between the `# start_marker` and `# end_marker` comments. If you change a code snippet, run:
> 
> ```bash
> make mdx-format
> ```
> from the `docs` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The majority of our code snippets are pulled from real Python files. This allows us to test our code snippets and ensure they remain up-to-date. 

In `.mdx` files, you'll see a code snippet with `python file=/path/to/file.py startafter=start_marker endbefore=end_marker` at the beginning of the block. For example:

[add example here]

You can find the corresponding Python file at `dagster/examples/docs_snippets/docs/snippets/path/to/file.py`. The code included in each snippet is the code in the file between the `# start_marker` and `# end_marker` comments. 

If you change a code snippet, run the following from the `docs` directory:

```bash
make mdx-format
```
```

Capitalization and some formatting. The paragraph was a bit dense so I broke it up to make it easier to skim.

Consider adding an example of the code snippets here to demonstrate what's being discussed, too.

make apidoc-build
```

The majority of our code snippets are pulled from real Python files. This allows us to test our code snippets and ensure they remain up-to-date. 

In `.mdx` files, you'll see a code snippet with `python file=/path/to/file.py startafter=start_marker endbefore=end_marker` at the beginning of the block. For example:

> [add example here]

Reviewer: Example?

Author: i'm not sure how to get the `python file.....` bit to actually show in the code block, the docs snippet tests complain about it
